Project Milestone #3
Report Part
At first our main problem we came across was communicating and organizing specifically our time. We had to figure out how, 
initially, five people would fit into their busy schedules to come and work together. Through the duration of the 
project we enhanced our communication and met up throughout the week, be it between classes and/or after class. As far as
C++ goes we learned to work with. 
We also learned how to collaborate on a  programming task using GitHub, providing insight into how professionals 
in the software  industry work together. We learned more efficient programming techniques, implementing  header files, 
multiple classes, and a makefile. One of the most important lessons of this  programming assignment was the importance of
teamwork. Our final product was more  complex and efficient than anything that any one member could produce. In industry there
are  strict deadlines for when an assignment needs to be completed. We learned how to efficiently  manage our time and 
distribute the work so that we could meet the deadline. This project  prepared us by increasing our ability to make reusable,
readable, and efficient code. We know  that the knowledge will aid us in our careers to come, be it in industry, education, 
or our own  personal projects. The group may have been made up of people with different career  objectives, but we feel as 
though it has given us more diverse take on group work.  In the future we aim to polish this project more and get it ready 
for release as an app  on the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store. We intend to continue group work on this as  we believe
the potential in what we have crafted is great and we intend to share it with as  many people as possible so that they to, 
can enjoy what we have worked on. Specially we’d  like to add improved graphics, a better level generator, a menu screen,
smoother animations,  more sensitive hitboxes, and tighter controls.We would like to make the game compatible with  a USB 
D­pad controller to improve the gaming experience. The members of our group also  intend to keep in contact with each other 
so that we may continue to work on difficult coding  tasks together amongst a group of skilled programmers we are already 
comfortable working  with. 



******this is what I used last semesterand got full credit so I'm going to use it as a
template for our project! if everyone is ok with 
that
